Instructions to Subjects

This is a study of interpersonal closeness, and your task, which we think will be quite enjoyable, is simply to get close to your partner. We believe that the best way for you to get close to your partner is for you to share with them and for them to share with you. Of course, when we advise you about getting close to your partner, we are giving advice regarding your behavior in thid demonstration only, we are not advising you about your behavior outside of this demonstration.

In order to help you get close we've arranged for the two of you to engage in a kind of sharing game. Your sharing time will be for about one hour, after which time we ask you to fill out a questionnaire concerning your experience of getting close to your partner.

You have been given three sets of slips. Each slip has a question or task written on it. As soon as you both finish reading these instructions, you should begin with the Set 1 slips. One of you should read aloud the first slip and then BOTH do what it asks, starting with the person who read the slip aloud. When you are both done, go on to the second slip--one of you reading it aloud and both doing what it asks. And so forth.

As you go through the slips, one at a time, please don't skip any slips--do each in order. If it asks you a question, share your answer with your partner. Then let him or her share their answer to the same question with you. If it is a task, do it first, then let your partner do it. Alternate who reads aloud (and thus goes first) with each new slip.

You will be informed when to move on to the next set of slips. It is not important to finish all the slips in each set within the time allotted. Take plenty of time with each slip, doing what it asks thoroughly and thoughtfully.

You may begin! Turn to Set 1, slip 1.



    Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?

    Would you like to be famous? In what way?

    Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?

    What would constitute a "perfect" day for you?

    When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?

    If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?

    Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?

    Name three thing you and your partner appear to have in common.

    For what in your life do you feel most grateful?

    If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?

    Take 4 minutes and tell your partner your life story in as much detail as possible.

    If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?

    If a crystal ball could tell you the thrut about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?

    Is there something that you've dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven't you done it?

    What is your greatest accomplishment of your life?

    What do you value most in a friendship?

    What is your most treasured memory?

    What is your most terrible memory?

    If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?

    What does friendship mean to you?

    What roles to love and affection play in your life?

    Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic about your partner. Share a total of 5 items.

    How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people?

    How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?

    Make 3 true "we" statements each. For instance "We are both in this room feeling..."

    Complete this sentence "I wish I had someone with whom i could share..."

    If you are going to become a close friend with your partner, please share what would be important for him or her to know.

    Tell your partner what you like about them; be very honest this time saying things you might not say to someone you've just met.

    Share with your partner an embarrassing moment in your life.

    When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?

    Tell your partner something that you like about them already.

    What, if anything, is too serious to joke about?

    If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone? Why haven't you told them yet?

    Your house, containing everything you own, catches fire. After saving your loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would ti be? Why?

    Of all the people in your family, whose death would you find most disturbing? Why?

    Share a personal problem and ask your partner's advice on how he or she might handle it. Also, ask your partner to reflect back to you how you seem to be feeling about the problem you have chosen.

    When was the last time you walked for more than an hour? Describe where you went and what you saw.

    What was the best gift you ever received and why?

    If you had to move from California where would you go, and what would you miss the most about California?

    How did you celebrate last Halloween?

    Do you read a newspaper often and which do you prefer? Why?

    What is a good number of people to have in a student household and why?

    If you could invent a new flavor of ice cream, what would it be?

    What is the best restaurant you've been to in the last month that our partner hasn't been to? Tell our partner about it.

    Describe the last pet you owned.

    What is your favorite holiday? Why?

    Tell our partner the funniest thing that ever happened to you when ou were with a small child.

    What gifts did you receive on your last birthday?

    Describe the last time you went to the zoo.

    Tell the names and age of our family members, include grandparents, aunts and uncles, and where the were born (to the extent you know this information).

    One of you say a word, the next say a word that starts with last letter of the word just said. Do this until you have said 50 words. Any words will do - you aren't making a sentence.

    Do you like to get up early or stay up late? Is there anything funny that has resulted from this?

    Where are you from? Name all the places you have lived.

    What is your favorite class at UCSC so far? Why?

    What did you do this summer?

    What gifts did you receive last Christmas/Hanukkah?

    Who is your favorite actor of your own gender? Describe a favorite scene in which this person has acted.

    What was your impression if UCSC the first time you ever came here?

    What is the best TV show you've seen in the last month that your partner hasn't seen? Tell your partner about it.

    Where did you go to high school? What was your high school like?

    What is the best book you've read in the last three months that your partner hasn't? Tell your partner about it.

    What foreign country would you most like to visit? What attracts you to this place?

    Do you prefer digital watches and clocks to the kind with hands? Why?

    Describe your mother's best friend.

    What are the advantages and disadvantages of artificial Christmas trees?

    How often do you get our hair cut? Where do you go? Have you ever had a really bad haircut experience?

    Did you have a class pet when you were in elementary school? Do you remember the pet's name?

    Do you think left-handed people are more creative than right-handed people?

    What is the last concert you saw? How many of that band's albums do you own? Had you seen them before? Where?

    Do you subscribe to any magazines? Which ones? What have you subscribed to in the past?

    Where you ever in a school play? What was your role? What was the plot of the play? Did anything funny ever happen when you were on stage?
